Why is the Labor code so thick ?
Let me tell you why. It's because it is full of exceptions.
But who added so many exceptions ?
Not us! We are in favor of very simple measures:
legal working hours per day, per week, per month, per year, and one legal retirement age. That's easy !
A wage per hour, per month, etc etc. That's super easy !
But they just can't stop adding exceptions, and then they say it's too much.
Fair enough!
If they want to tear every book that is a little too thick in two, why don't they do it with the phone book then ?
(Laughters)
The phone book is full of names!
It's full of phone numbers, it's as thick as that ! Go ahead, rip half of it away!
But you'll have problems to make phone calls!
Get rid of the Labor code, and you'll see if it's possible to organize labor!
Those who propose this idea have no intention to organize labor! They want to organize returns on investments and profits!
Because to make labor function, just ask any staff leader if you are suspicious of a member of staff...
Ask them if people can achieve the expected requirement levels and profits if they work for 48 hours!
It's not possible, ladies and gentlemen!
It would kill people at work!
People would ruin their health!
They would die!
(applause)
500!
565 people die at their workplace each year!
And you never see any of them on TV!
You never see the worker who fell from a scaffolding.
You never see the man or the woman whose arms were chopped off by a machine.
Never!
Maybe these deaths are not horrible enough to edify the people with the only thing that is worth it according to them:
the fear of others!
[SUBSCRIBE]